[Music]
B
yeah yeah David gra he was
um he was an amazing man there's no two
ways about it and he was a great
inspiration to me honoring that ordinary
person person who was a mate who was a
laugh who wanted to go down the pub and
be like everybody else David taught us
to think David taught us to dream and
David was a man of inspiration and may
we perform may we play may we remember
David with a big smile and a big heart
thank
[Applause]
you
[Music]
we are here but we're also most
certainly there in New York rava Japan
and the zad and in all points between
there is joy to be had so let's read and
let's laugh and let's sing and let's cry
and we'll all get to say both hello and
goodbye on this wonderful day as We
Gather in care we we say David your
presence is felt
[Music]
[Applause]
everywhere everyone who knew him said he
was a funny brilliant and completely
Charming Man and what was incredible is
the um immense humility he had no matter
how simple or may appear first uh
question may have been silly he took the
time to uh to engage and to explain
direct action is ultimately the defiant
insistence on acting as if one is
already free Consumer Debt is the
lifeblood of our
economy all modern nation states are
built on deficit
spending debt has come to be the central
issue of international politics but
nobody seems to know exactly what it
[Music]
is and and you know I talked about that
how it would be really good to to try
and bring together some of the great
expertise that's out there in terms of
understanding how how insanely
irrational and destructive this economy
is and and how the how available the
solutions are he sent out an email said
the the title was XR needs brains
um and that was with with typical sort
of like tongue and cheek he wrote
jobs over over there and uh for
six years every single Saturday and
Sunday uh he would take a when when
taking a break from his writing he would
just walk those 200 M down and we would
chat for you know sometimes an hour
sometimes less he would get his dinner
he would get a coffee he would come and
chat with me each day we would go for a
walk and we will meet people every 2 met
and yeah it was just really like a an
amazing amazing Community I just want to
say thank you David and you know in your
memory we'll all continue making
ourselves making each other together in
care and freedom I pray that we can all
take all those lessons forward in the
creativity that that we show in in the
face of these immense challenges that
the world faces right now um but it will
be a lesser place without him so thank
you
[Applause]
[Music]
baby
[Applause]
[Music]
a
I first met David Graber in Parliament
square and I wanted to tell him that my
dream was to start Mass Civil
Disobedience and I went up shyly to talk
to him and he told me he was not very
well and he was feeling very grumpy so I
I didn't bother him with it that day and
what I understood from David was that he
really liked to be an ordinary Rebel he
was up for stuffing envelopes with the
rest of us he didn't want a special
place so uh honoring that ordinary
person who was a mate but also honoring
him as a great Soul as a great spirit we
need people on the left like that that
Inspire us and hold our uh tradition of
resistance and hold our memory and can
educate us and and Inspire us and teach
us where to look for ourselves and where
to find ourselves and I think uh of
David in that way but also honoring him
as a great Soul as a great spirit as a
uh a beautiful man who could Channel
genius and Inspire so many of us with
his intellect and his knowledge when we
were in Parliament Square we shouted his
name out three times and I just wanted
to do that again David Graber David gra
David Graber David D gra David Graber
[Music]
[Applause]
David this is a song for
[Music]
hero no medals none no honors
from the queen
knows this is a song for he
Hero song For Those who do what won't
get
done it's those For
Whom the self L
fight it's what they do and they don't
think
twice or even once do let be precise
those
[Music]
Heroes so on last time for
Heroes a song For Those a song for one
no
more no more
unsung this is a song for Heroes
[Music]
this is a song for
Heroes care freedom song for
[Music]
Heroes care
freedom I was thinking that David
actually followed in the tradition of
William Morris who said everything
should either be beautiful or useful if
it wasn't either you shouldn't have it
and shouldn't make it and shouldn't use
it his loss to us is huge but his
inspiration to us is enormous I want to
read a little bit of pirate Enlighten
Enlightenment or the mock Kings of
Madagascar for about a 100 years from
the end of the 17th century towards the
close of the next the east coast of
Madagascar was seen of a shadow play of
storied pirate Kings pirate atrocities
pirate Utopias rumors of which shocked
inspired and entertained the cafe and
pubgo populations of the North Atlantic
World there is absolutely no way from
our current vage to disentangle these
accounts and establish a definitive
Narrative of which were true and which
were not some clearly weren't the great
Kingdom created in Madagascar by
Madagascar by Captain Henry Evy and his
10,000 pirate henchmen which in the very
first decade of the 18th century many in
Europe believed was on the verge of
establishing itself as one of the
world's preeminent Naval Powers did not
actually exist that's the opening of his
book David thank you for what you did in
your life thank you for the inspiration
you've given us and thank you you for
opening our minds to what we have to
make possible in order to make possible
the survival of ourselves and our planet
thank you very
[Music]
[Applause]
much any I don't if it's allow but if it
were grab your dancing partners Now call
1 2 3
[Applause]
[Music]
w